Update how-to-appdynamics-java-agent-monitor.md (#88998)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs: articles/spring-cloud/how-to-appdynamics-java-agent-monitor.md

1. Select **Configuration** in the left navigation pane to add, update, or delete the environment variables of the application.

>    :::image type="content" source="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86866/156226614-93603786-7055-42bf-9da6-30c4ade8632c.png" alt-text="Azure portal screenshot showing the 'Environment variables' section of the app's Configuration page " lightbox="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86866/156226614-93603786-7055-42bf-9da6-30c4ade8632c.png":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/how-to-appdynamics-java-agent-monitor/azure-spring-cloud-app-configuration-env.png" alt-text="Azure portal screenshot showing the 'Environment variables' section of the app's Configuration page." lightbox="media/how-to-appdynamics-java-agent-monitor/azure-spring-cloud-app-configuration-env.png":::```
